docs(em): stock levels (#2732)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/elastic-metal/reference-content/elastic-metal-stock-levels.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Elastic Metal Server stock levels explained
  description: This page explains the different stock levels for Elastic Metal servers in the API and console.
content:
  h1: Elastic Metal Server stock levels explained
  paragraph: This page explains the different stock levels for Elastic Metal servers in the API and console.
tags: elastic-metal server
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-14
  posted: 2024-02-14
categories:
  - bare-metal
---

The Elastic Metal API and the Scaleway console may display stock levels for Elastic Metal servers. Below are the available stock level statuses:

- **Available**: Indicates that there is sufficient stock available to meet the demand for this offer.
- **Low Stock**: Indicates a reduced stock level. Typically, this means there are 5 or fewer machines of this offer available. However, there are exceptions:

>   - For EM-210-E-NVME, the threshold is 2 machines.

Author: ```suggestion
  - For EM-T210E-NVME, the threshold is 2 machines.
```
